fresh from the appointment of Billy
Davis and Saturday's FA Cup demolition
of manchester city forest fans have been
given a further boost today Nathan Tyson
has signed a new two and a half year
contract committing himself to the city
ground until the summer of 2011 it's
been a remarkable few days for Tyson as
he exclusively told forest world yeah
I'm yes you know I'll see we've been
talking since since August well stop the
season basically and you know finally
put pen to paper you know at certain
time over the Christmas period cuz i
wanted to focus my my mind on the games
instead of sweating out contracts and
you know and obviously i was going to
sign it anyway and i'm just i'm really
pleased to be spending another two years
in the club had been in contract talks
with tyson since last summer but the
striker insists he always knew he would
resign because always believed that you
know it's something he's going to be
here for me and you know i'm just so i'm
happy to be signing you know next year
it's a couple years and you know I
really do enjoy it here you know very
settled in and you know I'm a family's
very settled in and you know we do we do
love not on earth yeah well I'm
absolutely delighted obviously because I
think something even a new manager comes
in it you know push players in a
difficult position whether what he said
but I can see so the fact that nathan
has decided he wants to go to meet let's
move I'm totally delighted about he's a
fantastic young player he's great
potential and lots ahead of them and I
think it's an excellent day sailing for
forest the decision to pay tree feature
to forest is right not only for the
player in terms of his career but also
for his family yeah it's here I mean the
lane is very she's you know she's very
happy and that you know they suffered in
and low going before they love knot and
them all their friends away and I think
you know wasn't just a football
indecision and I believe that we will
survive and great things are going to
happen next season and especially on the
Billy Davis you know I think things are
really really going to change
and so you know the decision on the
football front was quite easy made
easier we've obviously Billy dates
coming in and you know outside of
football family wise will got together
we discussed it you can got the girls
talking about it you know what you know
what's the possibilities and eventually
we come down to agreement and yeah this
is the right choice new boss Davis watch
from the stands as far as shop city he
started work officially yesterday and
has already made quite an impression on
Tyson he's very you know ops ii still
early days and he's very very upfront
very in your face and now I you know
he's not afraid to say what he feels and
I thought we're going to get a lot of
that you know when we're rubbish
we're gonna we're going to know about it
and when we're good laugh and you know
also we were going to know about that as
well but he said he's very adamant in
sorting out what's wrong in the team
first and then I'll see adding to the
positives later on as we start getting
the you know the vons and putting them
right I thought we were surprised
ourselves to prefer and you know
everyone out there really enjoyed it I
enjoyed it you know how to do things on
the pizza you know and on for a while
she defended you know Patsy the second
half you know I've been pinned back but
we all we all really enjoyed it and he
was a great day out and you know it's
just it was nice to see what you know
what we can achieve specially for the
young you know the younger lads you know
you can't achieve what what they're out
there so it's you know as a fantastic
day it was almost an element it seemed
at the final whistle of disbelief almost
among the players you were celebrating
but celebrations weren't perhaps as wild
as I thought there might be because
could you not believe what you done not
i think halftime I thought we'd
celebrate more our time but I'll see you
know we gave you know at the end of the
game is it was fantastic you know the
support was fantastic and going over to
see the fans on that and see Nelson you
know how much it means to them and it
was fence and I don't think it's really
sunk in yet what we've really achieved
obviously seen the papers yesterday you
know hasn't really sunk in and
looking forward to the next game what
about the draw darling I mean the
manager said it was written in the stars
that he'd be going back to prior park in
the fourth round I mean did you feel
that that way as well I actually someone
must have quoted me on it because I said
after the game we probably end up
getting Barbie I hope it a bit you know
I was hoping it'll be at home but you
know it's all good it's going to be like
a cup final for us burn over there and
you know gun going to do battle again
over there so it's you know I'm very
excited about your nothing everyone
else's as well and then there's that
goal that set forest on their way
against city but Tyson insists it's not
a one-off to be fair it was an instant
thing so it was I'm not really surprised
that I did it you know I've done it in
training before and I've done it you
know came from a country before but this
one was a lot better you know lots sweet
i hit it perfect and you know just
hopefully be more than to come so I said
I was SAT right behind it and as soon as
you hit it I knew it was in did you feel
as soon as soon as I hit it I fought yet
assassin I could have closed my eyes are
so hey but it's one of those where I'll
just I just really enjoyed it and he's
just fantastic goal and fantastic game